Akhil  Arolkar

Mumbai, India 421605
+919702299817
akhilarolkar9@gmail.com

Skills

Incident Management
Configuration Management
Continuous deployment
Technical Documentation

Troubleshooting
Version control systems
Scripting Languages
AWS, Terraform, Git, Docker

Education and Training

March 2022
Kirti M Doongursee College, Mumbai University Mumbai, MH
Bachelor of Science Information Technology

Project: For my final year project, I developed a web application using Python's Django Framework, Html/Css for frontend and MySQL for database. This Application allows users to log and track their workout and diet plans. Used an open-source API that gets nutrient information about a food Item. Users can download a pdf report of their workout and diet information.

Certifications

Microsoft: AZ-900
Python: Zero to Hero Bootcamp

Summary

An organized and motivated individual, eager to utilize time management and organizational skills across diverse settings. Seeking entry-level opportunities to enhance abilities while contributing to company growth.

Experience

August 2022 - Current

Capgemini - Mumbai, India
Site Reliability Engineer

Performed in-depth analysis of production incidents to identify reasons behind issues, resulting in recommendations for enhancements.
Ensured high availability and scalability of applications across multiple environments.
Troubleshooted complex issues related to application architecture and system configurations.
Implemented version control systems such as Git, SVN.
Collaborated with development teams to ensure efficient deployment of applications across environments.
Provided technical support for resolving issues related to DevOps tools and technologies used in the organization.
Performed troubleshooting activities related to application deployments in production environment.
Installed, configured, managed, and maintained web servers such as Apache Tomcat.

Accomplishments

Multiple Client appreciations for effectively handling critical Production deployments.
Recognition Award "Rockstar" for excellent performance during OCT-DEC 2023.